Add clarity wrt SIGs that need to be projects (#348)
ossf/tac: process/Technical_Initiative_Lifecycle.md

The process is designed to be flexible to enable a Project to move in and out of a Working Group as deemed appropriate by the TAC.

> A SIG can be developed within a WG or Project to address a specific need. Note that a SIG cannot produce code or specifications.

Author: ```suggestion
A SIG can be developed within a WG or Project to address a specific need. Note that a SIG purpose is not to primary produce code or specifications (it can produce them as secondary goals, or as experimental POCs).
```

> A SIG can be developed within a WG or Project to address a specific need. Note that a SIG purpose is not to primary produce code or specifications (it can produce them as secondary goals, or as experimental POCs).

Reviewer: Very minor nit.
```suggestion
A SIG can be developed within a WG or Project to address a specific need. Note that a SIG's primary purpose is not to produce code or specifications (it can produce them as secondary goals, or as experimental POCs).
```
